# performance_repeater_graph_state

## Background
Model to simulate a quantum repeater protocol that uses an all-photonic repeater generated by a few matter qubits.

The all-photonic repeater graph state is described in *Azuma et al., Nature Communications (2015)*   (https://www.nature.com/articles/ncomms7787?origin=ppub)

Its deterministic generation is described in *Buterakos et al., Physical Review X (2017)*    (https://journals.aps.org/prx/abstract/10.1103/PhysRevX.7.041023)

The model for performances of the repeater graph state protocol is described in:
*Hilaire et al, ArXiv (2020): Resource-efficient quantum communications using all-photonic graph states generated from a few matter qubits*.


Information about the derivation of the model are found in these three articles.

## Install
This model works on python 2.7 (or above) or 3.6 (or above) and only requires the numpy and scipy package.

## Model
Here are the general details about the model, sorted from the most important to the least.
It can be divided in three parts.
* example.py: that shows how the model can be used.
* the network simulation objects based on objects to simulate a network with repeater graph state.
* rate.py + error_model.py: that calculate the performances of the protocol.

### example.py
Simple script showing how it can be used.

### rgs_network.py
Build a network based on repeater graph states (RGS), fibers and detectors.

It indicates the separation distance between different repeater nodes and should be passed objects from RGS, fibers and detectors.

### repeater_graph_state.py
Describe a repeater graph state and the time required for its generation.
It uses logical qubits encoded using tree graph states to mitigate loss and errors on single photon qubits.

### tree_cluster.py
Structure of the tree graph state used for error correction. It also embeds information about its generation procedure.

### fiber.py
Fiber used for the RGS, it informs about the attenuation length of the fiber.

### Others
Other objects can be added to complexify the model. For example dark counts on detectors or imperfection on the photon source.
#### detector.py
#### source.py


### rate.py + error_model.py
Abstract objects to calculate the probability of generating an entanglement connection at the two ends of the network.
It calculates the rate and the secret key rate of the protocol.
